Hello girls
I'm here again to make a
review about hair products
the choice of today's brand of
cupuaçu
already rafael
I bought this brand for 20 reais and 50
cents to china also the price in reais
and 50 cents
I used it about five times my hair
her conscience is well and good
concentrated carioca
The smell of it is the goal is not much
good but with result in hair is very
good it pays to use the smell of it is a
little strong reminds many butters
because it also has butter with
you in her composition but if he
stand
there I think to keep the smell of the
butter predominates what cream is that
smell good without butter but
anything that does not give to support a show
so take away legislative to
benefit even the hair then it's just a
moisturizing mask for hair
brittle
however this mask has several nutrients
for any type of hair problem
I came back here for you cupuaçu
more shea butter with high power
conditioner
the association of the maintainers here and
with the South promotes protection
pollution as a result of day-to-day
delaying the preparation of
capillary fiber water nourishes and
already restructuring and recovering
brittle hair
then this mask is very comprehensive
okay it nourishes restore recovers moisturizes
capillary wire then she shades me
I indicate to you is the most expensive batinha
giving to use multiple times is not to
do at home around like me you
to take care of the tresses at home because
comes out much more and with great
product is up to you is any
Doubt has not spoken in video can
leave a comment below towers with
Okay, okay, this is it, kisses and kisses.
the next